Fix the query property inconsistency with the protocol (#25434)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/web-pubsub/web-pubsub-express/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.4 (2023-04-03)

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fix bug https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/24515

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Address issue with `query` property from CloudEvent https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/24515
```
